Run EA container + managed by fleet + standalone + autodiscovery (#2366)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/run-container-common/deploy-kube-state-metrics.asciidoc

[discrete]
== Step 1: Deploy kube state metrics

Before deploying the {agent}, you need to first deploy `kube-state-metrics` to get the metrics about the state of the objects on the cluster (see the https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-state-metrics#kubernetes-deployment[Kubernetes deployment] docs). You can do that by first downloading the project:

["source", "sh", subs="attributes"]
------------------------------------------------
gh repo clone kubernetes/kube-state-metrics
------------------------------------------------

And then deploying it:

["source", "sh", subs="attributes"]
------------------------------------------------
kubectl apply -k kube-state-metrics
------------------------------------------------

> WARNING: On managed Kubernetes solutions, such as AKS, GKE or EKS, {agent} has no access to collect metrics from the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components[Kubernetes control plane] components, like `kube-scheduler` and `kube-controller-manager`. Audit logs are only available on Kubernetes control plane nodes as well, and hence cannot be collected by {agent}. Refer https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/current/metricbeat-module-kubernetes.html#_scheduler_and_controllermanager[here] to find more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: On managed Kubernetes solutions, such as AKS, GKE or EKS, {agent} has no access to collect metrics from the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#control-plane-components[Kubernetes control plane] components, like `kube-scheduler` and `kube-controller-manager`. Audit logs are only available on Kubernetes control plane nodes as well, and hence cannot be collected by {agent}. Refer https://docs.elastic.co/en/integrations/kubernetes#scheduler-and-controllermanager[here] to find more information. For more inforamtion per Cloud Provider see relevant pages for <<running-on-gke-standard-managed-by-fleet>> , <<running-on-eks-managed-by-fleet>> 
```
